# User Stories

1.  As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to make only authorized agency  
    accounts able to access all of the uploaded data so that we can maintain the
    privacy of the organizations

2.  As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to upload any
    of the 8 different types of iCare excel files so that the agency that I 
    represent can contribute to the CCS program

3.  As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I expect that when I upload my 
    data, all entries are automatically formatted to comply with the system’s 
    format so that I do not have to manually change any entries
   
4.  As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to view any 
    data conflicts (i.e. due to duplicate fields like Child 1, Child 2, etc.) or 
    missing data when uploading, so that I can ensure that the data I uploaded
    is accurate
   
5.  As a junior TEQ member, James Wowman, I want to be able to view generic
    trend reports (graphs, maps, excel files etc.) so that I have a general 
    picture of what trends are occurring

6.  As a long term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to create custom 
    queries by selecting from a list of variables from a drop down bar so that I 
    can customize the data I want to see

7.  As a long term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to make
    appropriate graphs (histograms, scatter plots etc.) out of my queried data
    so that I can visualize my data


8.  As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to have the ability to run my own SQL
    queries so that I am able to manipulate the data for statistical 
    calculations

   
9.  As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to have the same
    permissions as a TEQ’s staff account so that I can moderate what the TEQ 
    needs from their perspective of their account

    
10. As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to be able to remove agencies in the
    event that they close down so we don’t have any irrelevant data

    
11. As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to add data fields 
    (columns) within the database so that the template is consistent with 
    government standards

    
12. As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to remove data 
    fields (columns) within the database so that the template is consistent with
    government standards

    
13. As a TEQ employee, Mike, I want to be able to submit a request to add or 
    delete data fields (columns) within the database to an admin so that the 
    template is consistent with government standards

    
14. As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to receive and 
    accept requests about data fields that wish to be changed by the TEQ staff
    so that I can conform to their needs
    
    
15. As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to view all the data
    so that I can change the infrastructure appropriately to the client’s needs 
    

16. As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to submit a 
    form to the system admins’ email if I need help or come across any issues so
    that any problem that arises can be resolved
