# User Stories
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Changes and updates:

-7a is changed; reason being is that the client has changed their mind, but a
 more suitable user story is made
 
-The UTSC project staff persona was removed and will not be a user for this 
 project; user stories 9, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16 are removed
 
-Personas are going to be changing as well, this is not the final version
 of the user stories due to the change of personas. Personas will be discussed
 with the group

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.   As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to be able to have the TEQ and 
     agencies create their specialized account so that agencies can maintain 
     their private data, and the TEQ can use their data.

1a.  As a TEQ employee Mike James, I want to email agencies their certified
     account so that agencies are informed that they have an account to
     contribute to the TEQ program


2.   As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to upload any
     of the 8 different types of iCare excel files so that the agency that I 
     represent can contribute to the CCS program


3.   As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I expect that when I upload my 
     data, all entries are automatically formatted to comply with the system’s 
     format so that I do not have to manually change any entries
   

4.   As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to view any
     data conflicts such as missing data when uploading, so that I can ensure
     that the data I uploaded is accurate


5.   As a junior TEQ member, James Wowman,  I want to click a simply click a 
     button regarding a particular subject to auto generate excel files of
     that topic so that I do not have to learn the complexity of the program

    
6.   As a long term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to create custom 
     queries by selecting from a list of variables from a drop down bar so that 
     I can customize the data I want to see

    
7.   As a long term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to make
     appropriate graphs (histograms, scatter plots etc.) out of my queried data
     so that I can visualize my data


7a.  As a long-term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to see any
     predictive models that are appropriate for a specific subject


8.   As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to have the ability to run my own SQL
     queries so that I am able to manipulate the data for statistical 
     calculations

    
10.  As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to be able to remove agencies in the
     event that they close down so we don’t have any irrelevant data
