# User Stories
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Changes and updates:

-User Story 1a was added.

This user story is just a step to ensure safety and security for accounts;
allowing our application to send e-mails to agenices.

-User Story 5 has been vastly changed. The original was:

 "As a junior TEQ member, James Wowman, I want to be able to view generic trend
  reports (graphs, maps, excel files etc.) so that I have a general picture of 
  what trends are occurring"

After meeting with the client on Thursday (November 1st), the client provided
some topics they would like to investigate. This helps us as this is less of
a data science worry (since the original user story above was a vague managerial
question), but more of a topic that the team can collectively discuss and
handle as computer scientists

-Task 7a was added.

It was believed that just showing a graph is not sufficing to the client, for
medium and high level TEQ employees. An idea was proposed such that
the TEQ employees can write down their thoughts while looking at their made
graphs.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.   As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to make only authorized agency  
     accounts able to access all of the uploaded data so that we can maintain 
     the privacy of the organizations

1a.  As a TEQ employee Mike James, I want to email agencies their certified
     account so that agencies are informed that they have an account to
     contribute to the TEQ program

2.   As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to upload any
     of the 8 different types of iCare excel files so that the agency that I 
     represent can contribute to the CCS program


3.   As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I expect that when I upload my 
     data, all entries are automatically formatted to comply with the system’s 
     format so that I do not have to manually change any entries
   

4.   As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to view any 
     data conflicts (i.e. due to duplicate fields like Child 1, Child 2, etc.) or 
     missing data when uploading, so that I can ensure that the data I uploaded
     is accurate


5.   As a junior TEQ member, James Wowman,  I want to click a simply click a 
     button regarding a particular subject to auto generate excel files of
     that topic so that I do not have to learn the complexity of the program

    
6.   As a long term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to create custom 
     queries by selecting from a list of variables from a drop down bar so that I 
     can customize the data I want to see

    
7.   As a long term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to make
     appropriate graphs (histograms, scatter plots etc.) out of my queried data
     so that I can visualize my data


7a.  As a long-term TEQ employee, Louis Chan, I want to be able to write down my
     thoughts on a particular graph like some kind of text editor so that I can
     fluently show my thought process with the data and graphs


8.   As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to have the ability to run my own SQL
     queries so that I am able to manipulate the data for statistical 
     calculations

   
9.   As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to have the same
     permissions as a TEQ’s staff account so that I can moderate what the TEQ 
     needs from their perspective of their account

    
10.  As a TEQ employee, Mike James, I want to be able to remove agencies in the
     event that they close down so we don’t have any irrelevant data

    
11.  As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to add data fields 
     (columns) within the database so that the template is consistent with 
     government standards

    
12.  As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to remove data 
     fields (columns) within the database so that the template is consistent
     with government standards

    
13.  As a TEQ employee, Mike, I want to be able to submit a request to add or 
     delete data fields (columns) within the database to an admin so that the 
     template is consistent with government standards

    
14.  As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to receive and 
     accept requests about data fields that wish to be changed by the TEQ staff
     so that I can conform to their needs
    
    
15.  As a UTSC Project Staff admin, Enisa, I want to be able to view all the
     data so that I can change the infrastructure appropriately to the client’s 
     needs 

16.  As a volunteer for agency XYZ, Sam Spongy, I want to be able to submit a 
     form to the system admins’ email if I need help or come across any issues
     so that any problem that arises can be resolved
